All right, so we have this feature.
However, we need to load different thesis files.
So for that, we have to put these separate CCS files, the dark and light in a folder here.
Right.
So in next year, whenever you have to store some kind of a static data, for example, images or cases,
there is a folder name you can use inside your project here.
Let's create a new folder called Public.
So this name is really important, just like pages.
This name was important because anything, any route you create here will be all relevant.
As a base here, right?
So just like that slice had me so we could go to admin because you created paste by the name of Amy.
Right.
Similarly.
This public folder is quite important to any time you want to store some static images or CSS files.
This is where you want to put and the beauty of using this file name is you don't have to refer to Dada
to public.
You don't have to manually go like this.
You can just easily reference any folders in tag this directly.
You didn't have to write Dada publish manually.
You know, that's another beauty art.
So here we're going to have a two file.
One is called Light to assist in fact.
So let's put them inside styles folder.
No to Celsius for.
Everything to this fall relates to fall.
One is light, it ceases in another.
One is dark, dark seriousness.
And now what you can do is you can go to this end component in the node modules and copy those two files
content and then just based here.
Now, I have to warn you that they're going to be quite a bit.
And when you copy paste, sometimes your calculator might hang.
All right.
So another option, the nice and easy option is to just manually.
Good to explore your idea to hit.
So let's do this first, just so that you don't run into any issues.
All right.
So this is the project we are working on.
Let's go into node modules and inside, let's go to end design.
So let's go to end and inside here, let's go into this full.
And here you can see we have the bunch of thesis for fallacy.
This is the and doses this is this standard delayed thing.
So you can copy this and rename this file to light and this one and done you can copy this and.
Rename this to Duck.
All right.
So let me just copy this one.
Come here and the public.
Yeah.
And let me ask you to move this one I to this just so that we don't run into any issues.
Let's remember that in this based here.
All right.
So this for the light thing, let's go back one more time.
Let's copy the dark one as well.
Copy that.
And good public thesis is that here we can since it's send the file name.
Rename to Light.
And then this one, let's rename to Doc.
So I'm just going to remove this product.
Awesome.
Beautiful.
Now we have light and dark themes, and both theses files are here.
All right.
Okay.
Let me close that.
And you said they are here, so that means you don't want to now import and use here and introduce a
common debt out.
And if you come in the out, we don't have anything at the moment, obviously.
Thank you.
What do you want to do?
Well, in fact, let me just.
Oh, okay.
Since actually it is already working so hard.
Working because we already draw the court to make sure you don't have it here.
And then it's good to with him.
Since we already implemented this, it is already working because whenever you click, the value changes
from light to dark and from dark to light.
All right.
So based on that, the CCIS is loaded and it is put in the headset so that you could easily toggle the
thing.
And since his time you told him the value saved here and the local stories as well, you can see it
changes from light to dark.
And if you user choose the dark theme and then they come back to our application again are really over
the place.
We continue to use the dark theme and if they were using light, come back to the application.
We continue to use the light theme we remember use this preference because we have saved in the local
stories absolutely beautiful.